Ning Qianqian, you are still lying to me
See for yourself
The bastard in your belly
I had nothing to do with it.
How come?
You were the only man I ever had
I shouldn't have believed your full mouth in the first place
Lying bitch
How come?
Sister, are you particularly curious?
Why is the child in your belly not a vigilante?
You did it.
How could I let Jingyuan
Know that the baby in your belly is his
I'm going to tell Jing Yuan the truth
Do you think Jingyuan will believe you or me?
Hahahaha
Why do I have such a dream?
My father won't
Miss, come to the company quickly.
Uncle Yang held a departure meeting to serve as the president
He also said that he would smash the company's name and replace it with a new one.
The company belongs to my mother
The name is the brainchild of my father and mother
I will never let him fall into the hands of others
Thank you for coming.
Because the former chairperson is suspected of embezzlement
Leading to a major crisis for Ning
But under the leadership of the vice president
turn the corner
Therefore, the board of directors decided
Ning Jianwei will serve as president
Have you invited him to the stage?
I don't agree with that.